<!DOCTYPE HTML>
<!--
	Editorial by HTML5 UP
	html5up.net | @ajlkn
	Free for personal and commercial use under the CCA 3.0 license (html5up.net/license)
-->
<html>
<head>
    <title>UCL Systems Engineering Project: Team 2</title>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1, user-scalable=no"/>
    <!--[if lte IE 8]>
    <script src="assets/js/ie/html5shiv.js"></script><![endif]-->
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="assets/css/main.css"/>
    <!--[if lte IE 9]>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="assets/css/ie9.css"/><![endif]-->
    <!--[if lte IE 8]>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="assets/css/ie8.css"/><![endif]-->
    <!-- Scripts -->
    <script src="assets/js/jquery.min.js"></script>
    <script src="assets/js/skel.min.js"></script>
    <script src="assets/js/util.js"></script>
    <!--[if lte IE 8]>
    <script src="assets/js/ie/respond.min.js"></script><![endif]-->
    <script src="assets/js/main.js"></script>
    <script>
        $(function () {
            $("#sidebar1").load("Sidebar.html");
        });
    </script>
</head>
<body>

<!-- Wrapper -->
<div id="wrapper">

    <!-- Main -->
    <div id="main">
        <div class="inner">

            <!-- Header --><!--
				<header id="header">
					<a href="index.html" class="logo"><strong>COMP204P</strong></a>
				</header> -->

            <!-- Banner -->
            <section id="banner">
                <div class="content">
                    <header>
                        <h1>Management</h1>
                    </header>
                </div>
            </section>

            <section id="user">
                <h2>User Manual</h2>
                <a href="http://comp205p.azurewebsites.net/">Click here for the user manual</a>
            </section>

            <section id="system">
                <h2>System Manual</h2>
                <a href="files/SystemManual.pdf">Click here for the system manual</a>
            </section>

            <section id="feedback">
                <h2>Feedback From Client</h2>
                <p>
                    We met the client and project mentor James Randall on April 24th with Team 1 to show him the final
                    project. The client was happy to see that we took many approaches and was particularly impressed
                    with the Set Engine being able to produce multiple different sets for the database. He was also
                    impressed with the speed of the REST API.
                </p>
            </section>

            <section id="gantt">
                <h2>Gantt Chart</h2>
                <p>Please note that the start date is on November 21st as the client switched our team to a new
                    project and so no data is available before this date that is relevant the project.</p>
                <img src="ganttChart.png" width="800" align="middle">
            </section>


            <section id="reports">
                <h2>Bi-weekly Reports</h2>
                <p>
                    <b>Bi-weekly Report 1, OCT 16:</b> Research the project and relevant technologies that we will
                    potentially use.
                    <br><a href="./files/Bi-Weekly%20Report%201.pdf">Browser Report 1</a></br>
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Bi-weekly Report 2, OCT 30:</b> Gather more information on the nature and requirements. Meet
                    people from Capita.
                    <br><a href="./files/Bi-Weekly%20Report%202.pdf">Browser Report 2</a></br>
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Bi-weekly Report 3, NOV 16:</b> Done research into Natural Language Processing. Setting up SIMS.
                    <br><a href="./files/Bi-Weekly%20Report%203.pdf">Browser Report 3</a></br>
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Bi-weekly Report 4, NOV 27:</b> Set up REST endpoints for Team 1 and create database connectors
                    which connect to an Azure SQL database.
                    <br><a href="./files/Bi-Weekly%20Report%204.pdf">Browser Report 4</a></br>
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Bi-weekly Report 5, DEC 11:</b> Update the website.
                    <br><a href="./files/Bi-Weekly%20Report%205.pdf">Browser Report 5</a></br>
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Bi-weekly Report 6, JAN 29:</b> Prototyping new ideas and test.
                    <br><a href="./files/Bi-Weekly%20Report%206.pdf">Browser Report 6</a></br>
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Bi-weekly Report 7, FEB 22:</b> Improvements in Set Engine, the REST service and storing of the
                    sets.
                    <br><a href="./files/Bi-Weekly%20Report%207.pdf">Browser Report 7</a></br>
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Bi-weekly Report 8, MAR 4:</b> Fix the REST endpoints and integrate the Interpretation Engine.
                    <br><a href="./files/Bi-Weekly%20Report%208.pdf">Browser Report 8</a></br>
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Bi-weekly Report 9, MAR 11:</b> Upgrade the Set Engine with decision tree. Create a new API
                    website.
                    <br><a href="./files/Bi-Weekly%20Report%209.pdf">Browser Report 9</a></br>
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Bi-weekly Report 10,MAR 24:</b> Improve Blob storage system, chart engine.
                    <br><a href="./files/Bi-Weekly%20Report%2010.pdf">Browser Report 10</a></br>
                </p>
            </section>

            <section id="meeting">
                <h2>Meeting Minutes</h2>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 1, OCT 6:</b> The team met up to discuss the project and any initial research done
                    regarding Capita and
                    the SIMS software package, as well as any relevant Microsoft technologies that we will potentially
                    be using during the project.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 2, OCT 11:</b> We further explored possible technologies we can use, and having received
                    some more detail
                    on what the project will be about, started brainstorming about potential uses of the data Capita has
                    access to.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 3, OCT 12:</b> Meeting with Steven Law from Capita. We were given some more information
                    on the nature of
                    the project, and a few more contacts to get in touch with in terms of the technical aspects of the
                    project.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 4, OCT 19:</b> Meeting with Scott Bell, from Capita. This was a meeting with both our
                    team and team 1. We
                    were given installation files for the SIMS software and sample databases to go with it. Scott
                    also gave us more insight into what Capita does, and what they aspire to do with the data
                    extracted from the SIMS databases currently held at the individual schools.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 5, OCT 19:</b> This was a meeting with the academic supervisor for our team project, Dr
                    Harry Strange. We
                    gave him updates on our progress and research so far, and we were given some valuable
                    advice on the way forward. Since Dr Strange's field is Machine Learning, he also gave us
                    some advice on how to tackle any Machine Learning aspects of the project which may arise.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 6, OCT 20:</b> Following the meetings on the 19th of October, our team had a brief
                    meeting to discuss the
                    new information we got and to assign roles for the current work we have to do. We started to
                    do research on the Azure Machine Learning
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 7, OCT 24:</b> This was a meeting for us to bring each other up to date with our progress
                    with the tasks we
                    set out to complete. We also helped each other finalize the installation of SIMS and get the
                    hang of how to query the database to start seeing some data and playing around with some
                    ideas.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 8, OCT 28:</b> We had a quick meeting after our first scenario week lecture. We discussed
                    that we would be
                    researching technologies while Junwen attempted to set up SIMS, Nathan doing research into NLP and
                    Lambros helping out with both.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 9, NOV 3:</b> During this meeting with met with Scott to help us resolve our problems
                    with the SIMS setup.
                    Scott gave some hints and pointers to set us in the right direction. We attempted to reinstall SIMS
                    but ran into more problems with the set up.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 10, NOV 8:</b> We briefly met to fill each other in regarding our individual research.
                    Junwen was set to
                    do work on the website while Nathan and Lambros continue with research into NLP. We also arranged a
                    Skype meeting
                    the following week with Scott and a member from SIMS service desk to help install SIMS onto our
                    laptops.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 11, NOV 16:</b> We had a meeting with our TA to discuss our research and progress. He
                    suggested we implement
                    a minimum viable product by December. We were informed that the code had to be delivered by December
                    so we made
                    a command line application where users could automatically generate questions from a decision tree
                    that would
                    in turn map to a SQL query. This command line application would eventually be replaced with the
                    web-app that will be deployed on Azure.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 12, NOV 17:</b> We help a Skype meeting with Scott and a member from SIMS service desk to
                    install SIMS onto our windows machine.
                    We ran out of time to install SIMS so we have arranged another Skype session with Scott next Monday
                    afternoon to install SIMS.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 13, NOV 21:</b> This was our final skype meeting with Scott Bell. He informed us that he
                    would no longer be mentoring our project,
                    but continued to try and help us with setting up a SIMS DB on our VMs.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 14, NOV 22:</b> Dr Strange confirmed that our project had been reassigned and that we
                    would now be working on the backend engine that
                    would send data to Team 1's visualisation engine. We organised a meeting with James to see what we
                    would need to do and what questions we would have to ask him.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 15, NOV 24:</b> During this meeting with James Randall, we were given some more details
                    regarding our new project.
                    We discussed ideas, possible approaches and requirements for the project. We also discussed how this
                    new project would tie in with Team 1's project on visualisation.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 16, NOV 25:</b> This was a relatively short meeting with Dr Strange to bring him up to
                    speed with what we had discussed the previous day with James Randall.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 17, NOV 29:</b> We met with our TA and showed him the work that we did during the week.
                    Nathan showed in the REST endpoints
                    that Team 1 would communicate with, Lambros showed the Azure Machine learning studio and Junwen had
                    worked on the website.
                    We agreed to continue our work during the next week.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 18, DEC 6:</b> In this lab session we presented our website to our Teaching Assistant and
                    showed some of the
                    initial prototyping steps and experiments. We also helped Team 1 use the REST API that we created.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 19, DEC 13:</b> Nathan met with Bethany to show her how to use the REST End point and
                    also handed her a Javascript file
                    with functions that can be called to call GET Requests from the REST Endpoints. We will need to meet
                    with members from Team 1 to cement
                    how the REST Endpoints will function and what parameters they would like us to call.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 20, DEC 14:</b> Meeting with Dr Strange. This was a meeting with both Teams 1 & 2, where
                    we discussed our progress.
                    The main focus of the meeting, though, was the issue of getting more information from the client
                    regarding the project.
                    We have yet to receive access to data, or a working copy of either SIMS or the Discover add-on,
                    access which will surely prove very beneficial and helpful for the project.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 21, JAN 12:</b>This meeting with the client and Team 1 was a very productive one.
                    James explained his thoughts on the project and his ideas regarding the solutions to the problems at
                    hand.
                    We discussed the overall design of the solution and the desired outcomes.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 22, JAN 26:</b>We discussed the current solutions we are each working on, and talked
                    about possible improvements for the next sprint.
                    We also run a few experiments (regarding speed of set operations) and looked at and improved our
                    overall system design, to help us think about the problem better.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 23, JAN 31:</b>We evaluated the work the team did for the previous sprint and discussed
                    the work that we needed to do for the first week of the sprint.
                    This included demonstrating the current system we have in place and then finding areas of potential
                    improvement with the teaching assistant
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 24, FEB 15:</b>We met to discuss and update our current progress on the tasks to be
                    completed from the previous biweekly report.
                    By this point we had successfully fixed the REST endpoints and configured the our system to read
                    data from the Azure blob instead of a database.
                    We also agreed on a date to meet Dr Strange to update him about on our progress.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 25, JAN 24:</b>We met after the ending lecture for Scenario Week to discuss about the
                    next steps for the System engineering project and
                    catch up on the work completed over the past week. We concluded that we will need further optimise
                    the set engine and meet with Team 1 to gain feedback on the REST endpoints.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 26, MAR 7:</b>We met with Dr Strange to present a demo of the Set Engine and show the
                    website for the new API.
                    We also met with Team 1 to talk about their needs and we let them knowing about the data that they
                    could retrieve with the API.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 27, MAR 14:</b>During this meeting we discussed the current problems facing our team that
                    included solving the problem of sending ZIP files,
                    further optimisations to the chart engine and ensuring Team 1 are not affected by the changes
                    occurring on the backend. We agreed that Lambros would fix the ZIP end point, Junwen to work on a
                    report syllabus and Nathan to work on optimising the chart engine.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 28, MAR 21:</b>We met with our TA to discuss completion of the project and remaining
                    changes that needed to be made.
                    We agreed that for the following week that Lambros would continue focusing on the REST API, Junwen
                    on the website and Nathan on the remaining back end technologies.
                </p>
                <p>
                    <b>Meeting 29, MAR 23:</b>Team Skype meeting to integrate the optimised chart engine into the REST
                    API.
                    During the meeting we also made improvements to our library that reads from the blob.
                    We made further improvements to the website and discussed possibilities on improving read times from
                    the blob.
                </p>

            </section>


        </div>
    </div>

    <div id="sidebar1"></div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
